welcome to Sun Springs retirement
community have the time of your life for
the rest of your life hundred clothes
don't bring you to Sun Springs
I'm just here to die there's not enough
erections around here as it is what's
this you're a cheerleader and my mother
was very sick so I quit the team maybe
you should give it another shot we want
to start a cheerleading Club who who you
be cheering for our girls to show us
what you bought
[Music]
cheerleader yes my husband what do you
say over my dead body that was passed a
little too fast we could do with a
little help we want you to be our prayer
the oldest category is 18 plus we're 18
plus 18 plus 50 I'm not gonna lie to you
it's gonna be a lot tougher than I
thought when I jump too much I get this
I had my knee replaced did I mention I
had some idiot yeah you did along with
the shocking amount of other information
what about you
me no I'm fine I'm bit as a bill
what did me tell me I'm dying you were
dying yesterday and you're gonna be
dying next week in the meantime you
should be dancing your ass off yourself
I can't do this we're all so worried
about what everyone else is thinking and
of course the only thing that really
matters is what we think of ourselves
[Music]
break a hip get pregnant
always wanted to date a chili
[Applause]
I know you're scared
I'm scared too but there's the one-eyed
magical out there
I've never had a grandma before and now
it's like I have eight you're one of us
now except with higher boobies
[Music]